doc: Improve docs, fix formatting (#23)
famedly/famedly-rust-utils: README.md

[badge-rust-workflow-img]: https://github.com/famedly/famedly-rust-utils/actions/workflows/rust.yml/badge.svg
[badge-rust-workflow-url]: https://github.com/famedly/famedly-rust-utils/commits/main

> Random rust utility functions and types. For docs see [`docs.rs/famedly_rust_utils`](https://docs.rs/famedly_rust_utils/latest/famedly_rust_utils/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various rust utility functions and types developed for internal use at Famedly. For docs see [`docs.rs/famedly_rust_utils`](https://docs.rs/famedly_rust_utils/latest/famedly_rust_utils/).
```
